README.md, before:


  # README generator

  ## Table of Contents
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Contributions](#contributions)
  * [Testing](#testing)
  * [License](#license)
  * [Questions](#questions)

  ## Description
  A command line application that generates a descriptive README based on user input. Less time spent on creating a readme and more time working on your projects. Captures project title, description, installation, usage, contributions, testing, licensing, and links for questions. 
  
  ## Installation
  Open terminal: clone the repository, run "npm install", ensure you have inquirer installed, run the application with "node index".

  ## Usage
  Answer the question prompts then view your newly generated README.md!

  ## Contributions
  shields.io for badges

  ## Testing
  N/A

  ## License
  ![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green?style=for-the-badge&logo=appveyor)

  #### For additonal information: <br>
  MIT:
  https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

  ## Questions
  * GitHub: [shanedinh](https://github.com/shanedinh)
  * Email: [shane.dinh5@gmail.com](mailto:shane.dinh5@gmail.com)

Commit message:

added video link to readme

README.md, after:


  # README generator

  ## Table of Contents
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Contributions](#contributions)
  * [Testing](#testing)
  * [License](#license)
  * [Questions](#questions)

  ## Description
  A command line application that generates a descriptive README based on user input. Allows user to spend more time on project and less time worrying about creating a README file. Captures project title, description, installation, usage, contributions, testing, licensing, and links for questions.
  
  ## Installation
  Open terminal: clone the repository, run "npm install", ensure you have inquirer installed, run the application with "node index".

  ## Usage
  Answer the question prompts and then view your newly generated README.md!

  ## Contributions
  shields.io for badges

  ## Testing
  N/A

  ## License
  ![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green?style=for-the-badge&logo=appveyor)

  #### For additonal information: <br>
  MIT:
  https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

  ## Questions
  * GitHub: [shanedinh](https://github.com/shanedinh)
  * Email: [shane.dinh5@gmail.com](mailto:shane.dinh5@gmail.com)

  ## Video
  [Watch example video here!](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hIwb7_doPQHWM2wbiSx46AUHmgYPwmkL/view)
